VS Code is the new default IDE, Theia is deprecated (#2476)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/selecting-a-workspace-ide.adoc

[id="selecting-a-workspace-ide"]
= Selecting a workspace IDE

> The default in-browser IDE in a new workspace is link:https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code[Visual Studio Code]. In addition, link:https://github.com/che-incubator/jetbrains-editor-images[JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA and PyCharm] are available as a link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview] feature. link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Che Theia] is available as well but is planned to be removed in next releases.

Reviewer: I used Nick's guidance regarding IDE names.
```suggestion
The default in-browser IDE in a new workspace is link:https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code[Microsoft Visual Studio Code - Open Source]. In addition, link:https://github.com/che-incubator/jetbrains-editor-images[Community Editions of JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA and JetBrains PyCharm] are available as link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview] features. link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Che-Theia] is deprecated and will be removed in the next release.
```

> The default in-browser IDE in a new workspace is link:https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code[Microsoft Visual Studio Code - Open Source]. In addition, link:https://github.com/che-incubator/jetbrains-editor-images[Community Editions of JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA and JetBrains PyCharm] are available as link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview] features. link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Che-Theia] is deprecated and will be removed in the next release.

Reviewer: Nick wants us to use "Eclipse Theia" according to https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CRW-3098, so I'm updating it here (and elsewhere in the docs):
```suggestion
The default in-browser IDE in a new workspace is link:https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code[Microsoft Visual Studio Code - Open Source]. In addition, link:https://github.com/che-incubator/jetbrains-editor-images[Community Editions of JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA and JetBrains PyCharm] are available as link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview] features. link:https://theia-ide.org/docs/[Eclipse Theia] is deprecated and will be removed in the next release.
```
